WIP: Add release notes for 1.12.1 (#61)
anbox-cloud/discourse-docs: announcements/1.12.1.md

### Introduction

> The Anbox Cloud team is pleased to announce the release of Anbox Cloud 1.12.1

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The Anbox Cloud team is pleased to announce the release of Anbox Cloud 1.12.1.
```

Please see [component versions](https://anbox-cloud.io/docs/component-versions) for a list of updated components.

#### New features & improvements

 * Android WebView has been updated to [96.0.4664.45](https://chromereleases.googleblog.com/2021/11/stable-channel-update-for-desktop.html)

#### Bugs

* AC-472 A native crash occurred to webview.apk after upgrading it to 94.0.4606.80
* AC-505 Webrtc platform crashes in rtc::SocketDispatcher
* AC-503 CUDA resources are not correctly freed
* AC-508 Units in stats overlay are incorrect
* AC-545 Find patch in Mesa which fixes the crash
* AC-553 no Audio output after rejoining a session
* AC-555 Telegraf fails to run iptables commands

#### Upgrade instructions

> This release does not include any charm changes. Only the images are updated, and they are automatically synchronised to your Anbox Cloud deployment via the Canonical image server. See [Manage images](https://anbox-cloud.io/docs/howto/manage/images) for details.

Reviewer: This does not fit with the component versions ...

Usually we have:
```suggestion
See [Upgrade Anbox Cloud](https://anbox-cloud.io/docs/howto/update/upgrade-anbox) or [Upgrade the Anbox Cloud Appliance](https://anbox-cloud.io/docs/howto/update/upgrade-appliance) for instructions on how to update your Anbox Cloud deployment to the 1.12.1 release.
```
